Tag box max filter query length (#1881)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/zz Errors and Warnings/W0017.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Occurs if the maximum filter query length exceeds the value specified in the [maxFilterQueryLength](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTagBox/1%20Configuration/maxFilterQueryLength.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#maxFilterQueryLength') property of the [Tag Box](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTagBox '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occurs if the maximum filter query length exceeds the value specified in the [maxFilterQueryLength](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTagBox/1%20Configuration/maxFilterQueryLength.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#maxFilterQueryLength') property of the [TagBox](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTagBox '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/').
```

---

> Increase the value to meet your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase the **maxFilterQueryLength** value to meet your requirements.
```
